Irrespective of the capital he invested in markets. 
Praveen spent time(remains invested)in markets without almost no interruption since almost more than 15 years. Time spend in the markets is far more important than timing the markets.

Continuous Learning- intensity of learning was always there irrespective of the amount of money invested. He has been leaning continuously. Learning expands to various aspects. Including self help topics like human behavior, biographies, management, psychology, economics, history, politics , analyzing businesses, valuations, personal finance, fundamentals analysis, technical analysis, algorithms, all kind of investments including fixed income, equities, gold, real estate, bitcoins, futures and options, unlisted stocks and many more. Investment in selfs plays best interest.

Open mind - helps to listen what others say (without interrupting or arguing). Being a good listener is underrated skill. This helps from closing doors with our biases. Open mind helps to think without keeping any previous thoughts in mind. This helps to look at things in better way and different way in different times. This is very powerful skill, not easy to practice.

Unlearning- while learning is important, unlearning is even more important, again is underrated skills. One needs to practice it with time.

Reading- in general reading played a key role , he has wide choice in topics/areas for reading. You can lean from so many people with whom you cannot interact one to one. You will be surprised to know reading is one of fast way to gain knowledge, watching YouTube videos remins at the last spot 😃 again there is no comparison of knowledge on a topic from reading books and watching YouTube videos, it can be felt in very short time in an interaction

Discipline - he has been always very disciplined in most aspects, learning, applying learning into investment decisions. There are very few who can be disciplined like praveen, one example,he was able to do small-case like investment before small-case.

Delayed Gratification- wont put more details as there will be too many personal details 😃 in short, while the CAGR number looks great, incremental savings with impressive CAGR makes it exponential and in next 20-30 years its going to do magic. I do not have doubt on the target numbers we discussed.

Patience- over time, Praveen developed patience and got rewarded for the same.

Interactions - there is always interaction with people around sharing common interests. Sometimes interactions with people who does not have common interest also helps to get different insights. Interacting with people helps.

Invert - while interaction with people helps, interaction with self even helps more😊

One can borrow the stock names from equity analysts, fund managers or other celebrity investors, but can not borrow the conviction, all above efforts helped Praveen to build conviction on his own.

And obove all this, there was always a plan. Building a plan is also underrated, most individuals feel i just need to have more money, but it may not always give you sense of accomplishment
